Alright, let's go ahead and review the
requirements for a little coding
assignment here. So we're creating our
new Recipe Project. We're going to use
Spring Boot Initializr to create the
new Spring Boot project. We want to be
using Spring Boot v2. Probably the
latest really should be fine and then
"DevTools" which will be under core
that's going to bring in the Spring Boot
development tools. Then we want to add in
"Web" and that's going to bring in tomcat
and Spring MVC and give us all that
goodness there. Then we want to be using
Thymeleaf templating engine. That's going to
be under Template Engines and then we
want to add in JPA and H2 and that's
going to be under the SQL tab. So let's
go through and step through this and you
can see over here, I do have a GitHub
repository. So when you go out to me in
GitHub, spring5-recipe-app, that's
where you're going to be able to find
this. You can see it's a brand new GitHub
repository. I haven't checked anything in
yet but by the time I'm done with this
I'm going to commit it there and
definitely leave you a link to the
project so you'll be able to get the
full working working project as I
downloaded it from start.spring.io
I'm going to toggle over to IntelliJ. I'm going
to use IntelliJ to do this but you can
use the Spring website again
start.spring.io and I'm going to come into
IntelliJ, say a New Project. See I've
already got the Spring Initializr and there's start.spring.io and I'm going to
name it my website and I want to be
consistent here. So I'm going to come
over here, grab that, paste that in. We'll
continue using Maven,
Jar, Java 1.8 and the SNAPSHOT version is
fine. So I'm going to give it a
Recipe Application for the description and
click on Next and then in Core, we want
DevTools
and in our Web, I'm going to take Web.
Template Engines, we are going to be
using Thymeleaf and then under SQL we
want to be using JPA and that's what's
going to be giving a Spring data JPA,
the ORM, Spring ORM and hibernate
and then H2 and that's going to give our
embedded in-memory database that we'll
be using to leverage
hibernate and Spring data. And say
Next, see the Project Name there. Project
location and we are all happy and now
I'm going to say, and this project
location you want to be setting that to your
working directory. So this is my
working directory but set that to whatever working directory you're using for your IDE. And I'm
clicking Finish and we'll see that
IntelliJ that's going out, brought
down that zip file and now it's opening
it up and indexing the project. See down
the bottom right hand corner we've got a
couple processes running. Let's go ahead
and inspect what we brought down. So we can
see we got the spring-boot-starter-data-jpa
there on line 30. That's going to give
us the Spring data. Then on line 34, we
can see that we had the spring-boot-starter for Thymeleaf, spring-boot-starter
for web and then also we have
the spring-boot-devtools and that's
going to give us the DevTools. That's an
important component for later in the
course because we are going to be, I'm
going to show you how to use the
development tools to speed up your
development. So that's a very important
thing. H2 we are not connecting to a permanent,
database. So H2 is just fine for us
right now. Beginning a lot of use out of
that and then the spring-boot-starter-test
that brings in things like junit for
testing and we'll be getting into junit
later as well.